toto@gmail.com => neymar
cr7@gmail.com => younes
ok@gmail.com => cr7
neymar@gmail.com => ok
younesazirgui@gmail.com => messi
messi@gmail.com => toto
toto@gmail.com => messi
messi@gmail.com => cr7
neymar@gmail.com => ok
ok@gmail.com => younes
younesazirgui@gmail.com => toto
cr7@gmail.com => neymar
toto@gmail.com => ok
younesazirgui@gmail.com => cr7
ok@gmail.com => younes
neymar@gmail.com => messi
cr7@gmail.com => toto
messi@gmail.com => neymar
ok@gmail.com => toto
messi@gmail.com => younes
younesazirgui@gmail.com => ok
neymar@gmail.com => messi
cr7@gmail.com => neymar
toto@gmail.com => cr7
